https://www.softkraft.co/starting-software-project/

The first document is the Project Plan and it has a few key components

Project Charter type (there are also Project Initiation Document, BOSCARD, 
Agile Inception Deck)

I. Problem Statement

The world is going through a process of Digitalization. In a lot of cases this 
means transferring data from paper to digital storage solutions in order to 
make it available for Data Science and other tools.

This is a problem because it is not a simple thing to do especially when your 
organization is for example a government institution with years of data in 
large volumes. It is simply too expensive to hire employees for this task. 

Hiring in cheaper regions has risks as the cultural/language differences might 
influence the reliability of the transferred data.


II. Business Case 

One solution is to hire employees for this purpose, train them, give them 
equipment and support and additional resources depending on the project.

Another solution, which we are using in this project, is to organize the 
process of transferring the data similar to a game, with appropriate rewards, 
and make it available to the current employees. This strategy will minimize the 
efforts and costs of having to hire a new department and the related costs to 
that strategy as current employees already have training, resources and the 
equipment.

In this project we will build a solution that will organize the data transfer 
in small individual tasks, that will be easy to resolve by users in small 
chunks of time, will have a small reward for each task and will contain other 
small mechanisms that will help increase motivation for completing these tasks. 
As a quick example, displaying a score based on how many tasks were completed 
next to the userâ€™s profile picture like a badge, creating AllTime and Periodic 
Leaderboards and so on.

The solution will also contain a Help section with tutorials for people that 
are completely untrained on the task. This will have step by step instructions 
on how to use the tools and input the data so that even a person that has 
minimum computer skills can get started without additional help. This will 
allow other employees to quickly understand and get started or will put the 
infrastructure in place in the event Business decides the pace is very slow 
and hiring additional employees for this task is necessary.

Goal Statement


Timeline


Scope


Team



